"[29th October] - Sprint 1 Standup 1

1. What did you work on since the last stand up?
We had gone through the sprint 1 handout individually prior to our meeting and figured out what we are supposed to deliver at the end of the sprint.
each person had taken couple of features in mind so we could discuss about them in the meeting and choose the best out of them.

team capacity: 5
participants: Zuhaib, Karim, Helena, Nargis, Ajwad

2. What do you commit to next?
We agreed on the features that we are going to implement and we splitted them between all the team members and gave each part to an individual who felt it could be doable for them.
Also each member of the team got assigned with doing a part of the sprint 1 steps mentioned in the handout and we defined a due date for each of the tasks for the end of the day on 31th October so we have enough time
after that to put on the implementation of the features as they would require more time.

3. When do you think you'll be done?
Implementation of the features should be done by Saturday so we have enough time to demo and record it as well and also,
the parts such as RPM, Sprint1.md, and system design document should be done by end of the day of 31st so for our next stand up we have those done and we can
start our implementation for the features and rest of the steps of the handout.
So far our main focus until our next stand up would be completing the RPM,Sprint1,Standups and system design document steps.
tasks has been distributed among all team members so each individual can contribute and get the work done earlier.

4. Do you have any blockers?
So far no blockers in the first standup and everyone should be able to get things done by our next stand up with no issue.


[31st October] - Sprint 1 Standup 2

1. What did you work on since the last stand up?
Nargis worked on system design doc but this documentation will change over time after adding features
Helena managed the stand up notes and trello tracking and assigning the right amount of tasks for each individual
Karim started working on add/remove features
Ajwad staardet working on RPM.md / waiting to get clarifications for some parts to get it done
Zuhaib started working on create account feature for the customer

team capacity: 5
participants: Zuhaib, Karim, Helena, Nargis, Ajwad

2. What do you commit to next?
Nargis is going to write code for data description and connect to db , By Friday night
Helena and Zuhaib are going to work on create an account,login,reset password using custoomer's email, new pass assign the pass to the existing account
Karim is going to work on add/remove product to cart feature with Ajwad
Zuhaib get sprint1.md done
for the frontend each part the person dealing wth backend is going to do

3. When do you think you'll be done?
the feature implementations should be done by Saturday so gives us enough time to record the demo

4. Do you have any blockers?
we were going to have the reward point feature implemented but we realized that depends on the products and the customer [rofiles so we tried to avoid the dependency
and we decided to implement the add/remove to cart instead first so no one is waiting for someone else's implementation to be done and then start,
instead with this change we are all able to work on the features all together at the same time.

[2nd October] - Sprint 1 Standup 3

1. What did you work on since the last stand up?
Nargis worked products and the descriptions for them with the connectin to each product to the db layer
Helena started working on the forntend of the reset password and the backend of it to give the option to the user to change their password in case of them forgeting it
Karim continued working on add/remove features
Ajwad did working on RPM.md 
Zuhaib got the login and register account for the user followed by it's fronten

team capacity: 5
participants: Zuhaib, Karim, Helena, Nargis

2. What do you commit to next?
Nargis have to commit the changes and get the final changes for the product description done to make sure everything works 
Helena and Zuhaib should make sure everything works smoothly and get it done for the demo 
Karim is going to get add/remove product to cart feature done with Ajwad

3. When do you think you'll be done?
the final changes in order to be ready for the demo and the features work as expected with no issues and errors

4. Do you have any blockers?
there was some minor errors and bugs along the way but during the stand up we all discussed and also shared our screens to help and guid eachother in the best way and made sure
to get them working as expected.